[FEATURE] - Update to kubernetes 1.20, add containerd/docker separation (#14)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-on-premises: katalog/vsphere-csi/README.md

# vSphere Container Storage Interface Driver

> This katalog deploy the vSphere container storage interface driver on a VMware Kubernetes cluster backed by VCenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This katalog deploys the [vSphere container storage interface driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/vsphere-csi-driver) on a VMware Kubernetes cluster backed by vCenter.
```

## Requirements

Follow all the prerequisites from `vsphere-cm` modules.

## Image repository and tag

* csi-attacher: `k8s.gcr.io/sig-storage/csi-attacher:v3.2.0`
* csi-resizer: `quay.io/k8scsi/csi-resizer:v1.1.0`
* vsphere-csi-controller: `gcr.io/cloud-provider-vsphere/csi/release/driver:v2.3.1`
* liveness-probe: `quay.io/k8scsi/livenessprobe:v2.2.0`
* vsphere-syncer: `gcr.io/cloud-provider-vsphere/csi/release/syncer:v2.3.1`
* csi-provisioner: `k8s.gcr.io/sig-storage/csi-provisioner:v2.2.0`
* node-driver-registrar: `quay.io/k8scsi/csi-node-driver-registrar:v2.1.0`

> * vsphere-csi-node: `gcr.io/cloud-provider-vsphere/csi/release/driver:v2.3.1`

Reviewer: we should probably sync these to our registry
